Luca: Pleasure.

Luca: I heard you had trouble.

Luca: It's good of you to see me.

Luca: You know Paris?

Luca: Well, I came here from Paris.

Luca: That does not mean I'm French.

Luca: Guess where I'm from.

Luca: Yeah. Did you win?

Luca: I have a tailor in New York City.

Luca: Look.

Luca: Funacci, Italian.

Luca: He's my uncle.
Luca: He makes suits in the basement of Madge Street.

Luca: He is my uncle, so every stitch, stitched with blood.

Luca: I heard you dress well, Mr Shelby, but now I see... not so well as me.

Luca: I am surprised how easy it was to get into a room with you.

Luca: And now?

Luca: And now you should know that during the trouble you had earlier on your factory floor.

Luca: I sent an accomplice into your office in overalls.

Luca: He found your gun... and unloaded it.

Luca: Arthur Shelby.

Luca: Polly Gray.

Luca: Michael Gray.

Luca: John Shelby.

Luca: Spent.

Luca: Ada Thorne.

Luca: And finally... Tommy Shelby.

Luca: None of you will survive.

Luca: You're level of security is pitiful and we are an organisation of a different dimension.

Luca: I could've killed you when I walked through the door.

Luca: But you see... I want you to be the last.

Luca: I want you to be alive after your entire family is dead 'cause my mother says that is what will hurt you the most.

Luca: You people have traditions of honour, as do we.

Luca: Instead of sending you a black hand, I could've had you killed in the night.

Luca: I don't know why...

Luca: But I want you to know why and I wanna suggest to you that we fight this vendetta with honour.

Luca: No police.

Luca: Grazie.

Luca: Thank you.

Luca: Send my guests in.

Luca: They didn't come back.

Luca: Arthur Shelby is still alive.

Luca: wire his village and tell them.

Luca: You wire Polo and let him tell the family.

Luca: He has four kids.

Luca: Don't you two have any other clothes to wear?

Luca: Huh?

Luca: You walk around this little place dressed like big city hooodlums.

Luca: Look at me.

Luca: Huh?

Luca: I'm here as a lover of theatre.

Luca: They kill two of our men... And you complain about your fucking belly.

Luca: "With respect"?

Luca: "With respect"?

Luca: Open your mouth.

Luca: Open your fucking mouth!

Luca: You fucking dress like them.

Luca: You eat like them.

Luca: You don't fucking talk to me about, "With respect".

Luca:  Let's get this business finished then we can all go home then we can eat some decent food.

Luca: Sit down.

Luca: What do you have?

Luca: She would do that for us?

Luca: This is public enough, no?

Luca: So?

Luca: In return for what?

Luca: And, uh, why should I trust you?

Luca: You are an unlikely Cassius.

Luca: You know, my mother...

Luca: My mother knew your mother.

Luca: She taught her how to read.

Luca: Yeah.

Luca: And now she's given me the information about you people.

Luca: So Tommy Shelby was right.

Luca: His, uh, ruthlessness was justified.

Luca: You should have killed her when you had the chance.

Luca: You know, my mother used to say this about you.

Luca: She said, "That Polly Gray, that child would never let go of a grievance."

Luca: And she loves to dance.

Luca: What do you say, huh?

Luca: You want to dance?

Luca: Well, that's a shame.

Luca: 'Cause you're dancing with me.

Luca: Uh-uh-uh.

Luca: Where I'm from, a hat on the bed is unlucky.

Luca: My family say it brings doubt.

Luca: Maybe... Maybe that's what happened.

Luca: Last time my man was sent for you, you got lucky.

Luca: Now... Your luck's run out.

Luca: And tell your mother we have a deal.

Luca: What's happening?

Luca: Why don't you move it out of the way?

Luca: I said, why don't you clear it so that we can get past.

Luca: We're Americans.

Luca: We're here on business, so...

Luca: Jesus Christ, this guy.

Luca: Yeah, all right. Thank you, Officer.

Luca: Thank fucking hell.

Luca: Talking about the war.

Luca: Everything here is about the war.

Luca: Right, come on, let's go move it ourselves.

Luca: Fucking idiots.

Luca: Let's go.

Luca: We'll find another way out of here.

Luca: Go. Get us the fuck out of here.

Luca: Come on, fucking move!

Luca: Frankie fucking move!

Luca: Mrs Gray.

Luca: I wanted to illustrate to you that at any time, we can reach your son.

Luca: And we will kill your son if you cannot deliver Tommy Shelby as you promised. Huh?

Luca: You just tell us where and when.

Luca: And we'll do the rest.

Luca: Shoot out his tyres.

Luca: He may try to surrender.

Luca: And remember, I fire the final shot.

Luca: he was prepared.

Luca: Don't let him get away.

Luca: That bitch lied to me.

Luca: Come on.

Luca: Come on.

Luca: Come here.

Luca: Which way? Which way did he go?

Luca: You sure?

Luca: Yeah?

Luca: No.

Luca: We have hom cornered.

Luca: We've got him.

Luca: Fucking animal, to shoot a wounded man.

Luca: You will be avenged.

Luca: Hey, i know you own the cops in this dirty fuckin' town!

Luca: But you'll be dead before they get here!

Luca: Come on, me and you, Tommy.

Luca: Come on.

Luca: Yeah.

Luca: Dear Lord.

Luca: Vengeance is yours.

Luca: My Father. Look upon me.

Luca: Vengeance is yours too.

Luca: I'm Luca Changretta.

Luca: No.

Luca: He ain't.

Luca: I have a proposition for you.

Luca: Ok, i have my own 10 seconds of patience left with this guy.

Luca: I hear there's gonna be a little fight.

Luca: A boxing match between your boy and Tommy Shelby's boy.

Luca: Eh? Birmingham.

Luca: And the whole Shelby family is gonna be there.

Luca: And you, Mr Solomons, you too will be there.

Luca: You know, they say you're a smart guy.

Luca: I mean, you already know what we want before we say it.

Luca: That's funny 'cause now I believe I know what you want even before you say it.

Luca: I think this clown wants us to run his rum into New Yorks.

Luca: The thing is that people want gin these days.

Luca: You're fucking crazy, you know that?

Luca: 200 barrels, huh?

Luca: Huh. What do you think, huh? 

Luca: He knows who we represent?

Luca: It's okay.

Luca: Mr Solomons, i'm gonna be very fucking clear with you.

Luca: I don't need you to kill anybody.

Luca: I have people that I trust, okay? So you're gonna take my boys, and you're gonna bring them to the ring as seconds.

Luca: These days, back in the old country, mmm, a lot of the, uh, you know, the Jewish peoples, they, uh, are having to pass themselves off as Italian.

Luca: You will bring my men to Birmingham.

Luca: Okay. Any other requests, huh?

Luca: Two hundred fucking barrels. We have a deal.

Luca: What's the matter?

Luca: I said we have a deal.

Luca: Yeah.

Luca: Why don't you let him know we're here to buy his business?

Luca: Come now.

Luca: My Peaky!

Luca: Did the Jew fight in France?

They say he was a captain.

Luca: Oh, yeah?

Luca: Then you might wanna tell them not to open that fucking door.

Luca: Seems Mr Solomons already left town.

Luca: So all this is mine.

Luca: Huh.

Luca: Look at them.

Luca: All that's left of the Peaky fucking Blinders.

Luca: I've had my lawyer draw up these papers.

Luca: Cover, uh, every enterprise in your possession.

Luca: Bars, restaurants, warehouses.

Luca: Every fucking thing that you've taken all these years to gather together.

Luca: You will sign them all over to my family or you're gonna die.

Luca: Right here.

Luca: I would've buried you all but my mother, she, uh, she knows you, she said.

Luca: It'll be worse for you if I let you live and take away everything that you have.

Luca: Search him.

Luca: Especially don't trust this bitch.

Luca: So.

Luca: Sign.

Luca: Every fucking one of them.

Luca: You can sign them on your knees.

Luca: On the floor.

Luca: Get on your fucking knees and sign.

Luca: You been talking to that fat fuck?

Luca: Is that right?

Luca: Is that right?

Luca: And you, Matteo?

Luca: Hey.

Luca: Very fucking...